docs: tweaks (#796)
grafana/explore-logs: docs/sources/ordering/_index.md

{{< figure alt="Sort by many" width="900px" align="center" src="../images/sort-by-dropdown.png" caption="Sort by menu" >}}

By default the graphs are sorted by **Most relevant** where we prioritize graphs with more volatile data. For example, the graphs with the most spikes or dips will be shown first.

| Sort by option    | Description                                                 |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- |
| Most relevant     | Sorts graphs by the most volatile data.                     |
| Detected outliers | Puts outliers first (those that look different to the rest) |
| Widest spread     | Sorts graphs that contain the largest standard deviation.   |
| Name              | Sorts graphs alphabetically by name.                        |

> | Highest spike     | Sorts graphs by the highest peaks.                          |

Reviewer: There's also "Count" which sorts by total number of logs (i.e. Volume)

> | Lowest dip        | Sorts graphs by the lowest dips.                            |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Lowest dip        | Sorts graphs by the largest drop in a value.                            |
```

> | Percentiles       | Sorts graphs by the nth percentile.                         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Percentiles       | Sorts graphs by the greatest percentile.                         |
```
